# Part 1
## 1. 
A. She's eating in a picnic area
B. She's waiting in line ==at a== food trucks
C. She's wiping off a bench
D. She's throwing away a plate
## 2.
A. The man's pushing snow off the roof of a car
B. The man's standing in the snow beside a car
C. The man's shoveling snow from a walkway
D. The man's running through a snow

## 3.
A. Some workers are hanging art in the gallery
B. Two of the people are having a conversation
C. One of the man is rearranging a cushion on a sofa
D. One of the man is painting a picture

## 4. 
A. Vehicles are entering a parking garage
B. Clothes hangers are scattered  on the ground
C. Empty rack are lined up next in to a building
D. Clothing is being displayed under a tent

## 5. 
A. Potted plants have been suspended from a celling
B. Chairs have been stacked in front of entryway
C. A computer station have been setup on a desk
D. A rug have been rolled up against a wall

## 6. 
A. One of the man is sweeping a patio
B. One of the man is replacing some flooring
C. A door has been taken off its frame
D. A light fixture have been left on the ground 

# Part 2
## 7. How old is this building?
A. To ship some materials
B. About ten years old
C. Company offices I think

## 8. Can you come to my jazz performance tonight?
A. I'm sorry I was late for the meeting
B. Mostly just local musicians
C. Sure I'll be there

## 9. Which apartment submitted a work order?
A. It's what you did for a living
B. Submit you assign meet here
C. It came from the tenants in B23

## 10. Will you contact the vendor about changing our delivery date?
A. Of course, I'll take care of it
B. An email receive receipt
C. Could I get change for a dollar

## 11. Why was the maintenance worker here?
A. No, he didn't
B. From three o'clock until four
C. Because a light needed to be fixed

## 12. Did manage make a hiring decision yet?
A. Put it on the highest shelf
B. The personnel department
C. Yes, they chose Jacob Borgman

## 13. Do you want to eat here in our cafeteria or go out?
A. He went there yesterday
B. Well maybe a sandwich
C. Let's eat here

## 14. Didn't you email the employment contract to submit details yesterday
A. Yes, I would agree
B. No, I'll send it now
C. Check the employee manual

## 15. Our division's picnic is this Saturday, right?
A. There's a lot of rain in the forecast
B. Sure, I like salad
C. At the end of this corridor

## 16. Would you like coffee or tea?
A. Just water please
B. For a few dollars more
C. A 15 minutes break

## 17. We archived our sales targets six months?
A. That's excellent new!
B. A few times a day
C. To the end of April

## 18. How often do you travel for your job?
A. It turned out well
B. Yes, I did find one
C. About once a month

## 19. We should hike the Wildflower Trail today?
A. This seat is available
B. I didn't bring boots
C. At the visitor's center

## 20. You've booked a hotel in London, haven't you?
A. Very enjoyable, thanks
B. He usually takes the train
C. Yes, I made a reservation last week

## 21. Are there any tickets left for tonight concert?
A. It's sold out
B. He's a concert violinist
C. They already left

## 22. Haven't you used this software before?
A. Can I take your order?
B. I haven't had the chance
C. About 40 dollars

## 23. When did the blender going to be released?
A. Only with fruits and vegetables
B. In the kitchen cabinet
C. The prototype is still being tested

## 24. Who's picking up our client at the airport?
A. They decided to drive
B. At terminal 2
C. It's a marketing position

## 25. Where are the red rose that came in this morning?
A. About three liters of water
B. No, I didn't check out the sales
C. I needed some for a large bouquet

## 26. This film has been nominated for several awards?
A. Why don't we go see it?
B. After the in announcement
C. He made a great speech

## 27. Who is interested in starting a car pool program?
A. Thanks but I can't swim
B.  Clara's already organizing one
C. It is very interesting article

## 28. Where will I teach my workshop this month?
A. We just sent an email to all instructors
B. 5 to 7 months
C. Yes, it is beautiful building

## 29. Why are we removing these sweaters to the back of the store?
A. In a new shopping mall
B. Yes, they come in other colors
C. Our spring merchandise is arriving soon

## 30. Would you be interested in working on some of these contracts?
A. Thanks you for meeting me
B. A contract lens prescription
C. I have very limited time

## 31. What type of job are you looking for?
A. No, at 10 am
B. I really like working with computers
C. Just a resume is  needed

# Part 3
## 32-34
Thanks you so much for organizing the annual company picnic, Jingdao. Everybody seemed to enjoy it. 
Well, we deserved it after working so hard this year.
I agree. The food was great, by the way. Especially the peach pie you made  .Would you mind sharing the recipe? It was delicious.
I found the receipt online. I'll send you a link to the web page. There's a really helpful video that walks you through all the step. 
I recommend you watch it first. All right, thanks

## 35-37
M: I'd like to finish calculating the company's expense reports for the month. Have you finished reviewing travel reimbursement forms from all the department
W: I'm almost done . But I have a question about a hotel receipt from one of our employee
M: What is the problem?
W: Well, our policy is for employees to stay at a hotel that's on our list of approved accommodations. This one isn't on the list
M: Who submitted the receipt?
W: Moritz Ziegler, one of our sales representatives.
M: He is a new employee and may have forgotten the policy. As a supervisor. I can approve the expense this one time

## 38-40
M: Good morning, Damilola ! How's everything up here on deck?
W: Hi, Pedro. It was an uneventful night, and our cargo ship still hasn't moved yet
M: I hope the fog over the harbor lifts soon
W: Yeah, me too. The ship won't be able to leave until the weather improves
M:
W: Sound's good

## 41-43
W: Hi, I've made a reservation to meet with some clients for lunch today. It under ...
M: Oh yes. I see your reservation, welcome
W: I know I asked to be seated on your beautiful terrace. But It very hot today
M: I can seat you at table 4 inside. Do you mind waiting a few minute
W: By the way, your parking area's nearly full. Where can I tell my clients to park
M: Our customer can park for free in the garage cross the street. Our cashier will stamp their parking ticket
W: Thank. I'll call them and let them know

## 44-46
W: Thank you both for coming here today to demonstrate your company's new compact printer. I know the store will be busy because we having a big sale on laptop computers and tablets
M:
W:
M:
W:
M:

## 47-49
W:  
- I'm very pleased with the sales of our brands of cakes pies and cookies this past holiday session. Any . What should be concentrating going forward
- begin change right now. The public. That good be challenge
M:
W: Are there seminar some one the market. And have do they compare?
M: I do have do they to do I have sometime available tomorrow afternoon

## 50-52.
M: I'm calling to see if you'd  have time to work on a project for marketing firm. We've expanded a lot in the past year. And we need some help
W: Thanks for thinking of me. What type of work but I be doing
M: We have a new client. Who interested in creating a marketing campaign for social media site. Would be our seen cam  paign
W: I have experience for that. Why don't you send me a details description of the world. That will give me an idea of how much time project will take
M:

## 53-55
W: We were about to back vans num 5 for the music fesival. When me notice it cost the flash tier
M: Next not good
W: Which the posts to get the buy 11 to laptop lunch to get performance. Is there a new at van we can take
M: Let me see what is the available. It got lot of caring job today. We can use van num 3. You need to holding
W: The food already cooler but everything in the kitchen which utensial

## 56-58
M: Thanks for taking my call. Then I mention in my email. I'm interesting working in my fill. What are talking to some professional first so I can find more about did
W: Happy does help
M: So How do you get to start
W: My family all we subscrible to the new paper. I else research the new importance. And my univercity I join a new paper. And walk my after to being e
M: 

## 59-61
M: Hi ... I trust weather company website about to propose with measure with corporation. It look start we going in 
W: There are good be a lot advantages to matching operation
M: I remember that. But there were a lot of details to work out. Like weather out offices with stay to cargo. Now look like we want be locating
W: I very done one to mill. So that to release
M:
W:

## 62-64
M: Thanks for calling customize concepts. Can I help you
W:
M:
W:
M:
W:
## 65-67
## 68-70
## 71-73
- You have reached information line for .... management office. On Monday April, maintenance work was begin to reach pay in tire a parking area building entrance. Residents should move their vehicle. A map parking site with email to residents last week. In the building lobby

## 74-76
- Welcome to your house work. On today's will go over house  you can maintain and make my new repair to the roof home. The first thing to do, you too invest. In the importance to choose some material high quality because you use some for many year. Would you .. some. Now I highly recommend you take photo roof every... contructions
## 77-79
## 80-82
## 83-85
## 86-88
## 89-91
## 92-94
## 95-97
## 98-100



